## Unit 1 Homework Assignment FinTech Case Study
## Overview and Origin
# Company: Asia Broadband, Inc. (OTC:AABB)/(AABBG)
# Founded: January 24, 1996
# Founder: Mr. Yuguo Zhang
# Origin: Asia Broadband, Inc., through its subsidiary, Asia Metals Inc., focuses on the production, supply, and sale of precious base metals primarily to Asian markets. 
# Funding: AABB's strategic growth focus has allowed the company to capitalize on a unique ability to vertically integrate mineral resource production in Mexico with a high resource demand and abundant investment capital in Asia. The Company has recently released its freshly minted mine-to-token gold-backed cryptocurrency AABB Gold token (AABBG). In a press release from March 24th, 2021, AABB confirmed $16.8 million annual gross profit affirming mining operations development success. 
## Business Activities 
# Financial issues: The company's cash and short term growth was down -55.21% in 2017. Since then, the company has been focusing on generating revenue with a gold-backed token, instead of relying on the sale of strictly precious base metals for revenue. 
# Competitive advantage: AABB has decided to issue for initial sale only 5,400,00 AABB Gold tokens. All tokens sold are 100% backed by physical gold. 1 AABBG token is equal to 0.1 grams of gold. 
# Implemented technology: The AABB Gold token is an ERC-20 token developed on the Ethereum blockchain. Tokens are available to purchase through AABB Wallet. The Company is now developing, with CSHC, its own proprietary cryptocurrency Exchange that will allow AABB Wallet users to quickly exchange their AABB Gold tokens for major cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin. The proprietary Exchange will add tremendously to transaction fee revenues and allow for the price appreciation of AABBG, influenced by market demand and the limited supply of tokens released into circulation. 
## Landscape
# Domain of Financial Industry: Mining and supply of precious metals, and cryptocurrency Exchange. 
# Major trends and innovations of Cryptocurrency Exchange in last 5-10 years: Since the inception of Bitcoin in 2009, cryptocurrencies have evolved significantly. There have been an explosion of new players in the crypto space, e.g., litecoin, ripple, ethereum, and dogecoin. In addition, there have been advances in the development of crypto's underlying blockchain technology. More importantly, an increasing number of people have begun to trust and utilize cryptocurrencies on a day-to-day basis, e.g., Tesla, Inc. accepting bitcoin. Deutsche Bank predicts a 4x growth in public cryptocurrency usage by 2030. It's also becoming easier to purchase cryptocurrency through exchanges such as Coinbase. Retail investors have gravitated to cryptocurrency, since it is decentralized and soaring in price. Cryptocurrencies offer reduced settlement times, lower transaction costs, high levels of traceability, making it incredibly alluring, compared to fiat money. 
# Major Companies in Crypto: In terms of exchanges, the top exchanges according to volume, include Binance, Huobi Global, Coinbase Pro, and Kraken. AABB Wallet would be in competition with these exchanges. Some of the most traded cryptocurrencies include, but are not limited to, Bitcoin(BTC), Litecoin(LTC, and Dogecoin(DOGE.X). AABG would be in competition with these cryptocurrencies. 
## Results
# Business Impact: According to a press release from April 6th, 2021, AABB was pleased to announce that the Company has recorded $1 million in AABBG Gold Token sales within the first two weeks after the token became available for sale on March 22.The initial two weeks of token sale shave allowed the Company's AABBG token developer, Core State Holdings, Corp. (CSHC), to monitor and refine the information and transaction processing to validate token sales operations.Now that the sales verification phase is complete, the Company is proceeding to implement an international marketing campaign aimed to proliferate brand exposure, increase token sales and AABB Wallet transactions and amplify public and investment community awareness of the Company. 
# Core Metrics of Success: Since AABB is a OTC stock, one metric of significant success would be an uplifting to the NASDAQ or NYSE. The share price would need to increase to over $1 for a certain period of time to meet the conditions to be uplifted from a OTC stock to a listed stock. For AABG, a core metric of success would be running out of supply of the tokens, causing the demand to spike, thereby, increasing the price per token. 
# Company Performance compared to competitors in the same domain: Precious and bae metals producer Asia Broadband, Inc., reported its highest-ever annual gross profits in its recent 2020 year-end financials report, including news of a record annual gross profit of $16.8 million, as well as an increase in an upcoming stock dividend celebrating the company’s growth. Asia Broadband has been building its portfolio of gold mining interests along Mexico’s western coastline amid the economic ravages of the COVID pandemic. Asia Broadband recently launched a gold-backed cryptocurrency tied to $30 million in gold currently held by the company. Precious and base metals producer Asia Broadband, Inc., reported its highest-ever annual gross profits in its recent 2020 year-end financials report. 
## Recommendations
#Advice to the Company: The company has an innovative business plan in terms of having a gold-based crypto. However, limiting the exchange to AABB Wallet, may hinder the popularity of the token from rising. I would advise the company to find a way to list their token on Binance, Kraken, Coinbase and WeBull, where they can reach a larger base of consumers. 
# Benefits of listing on Multiple Cryptocurrency Exchanges: Coinbase and WeBull are some of the most popular trading applications used by consumers just to name a few. AABB would be able to reach a larger target consumer base by listing their token on the highest volume crypto exchanges such as Coinbase. The higher the demand for the token, the higher the price per token will rise. As the price per token increases, AABB's  market cap and revenue will increase. 
# Cryptocurrency Exchange utilization: AABG is only available on AABB Wallet, but the token was just launched in March of 2021. Adding AABG to Coinbase or other cryptocurrency exchanges would enable AABB to utilize other exchanges, which, would most likely increase the value of the token, as demand increases and supply decreases. 
## Resources
# https://techseen.com/a-decade-in-focus-top-trends-that-will-drive-the-crypto-industry/
#https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2021/03/24/2198481/0/en/Asia-Broadband-Confirms-16-8-Million-Annual-Gross-Profit-Affirming-Mining-Operations-Development-Success.html
#http://www.globenewswire.com/en/news-release/2021/03/22/2196825/0/en/Asia-Broadband-Goes-Live-Today-With-Sales-of-Gold-Backed-Cryptocurrency-Token.html
#https://aabbgoldtoken.com/
#https://www.streetinsider.com/Investor+Brand+Network/Asia+Broadband+Inc.+%28AABB%29+Records+Highest+Year-end+Profit+and+Dividend+Expansion+as+Gold+Mining+Portfolio+and+Stablecoin+Grow/18244527.html
